add resources and production docs (#126)
mesosphere/kudo-cassandra-operator: docs/production.md

# Running KUDO Cassandra in production

Before running KUDO Cassandra in production please follow this guide to ensure
the reliable stability of your production cluster.

And also read the
[Cassandra Anti-Patterns](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse-planning/doc/planning/planningAntiPatterns.html)
guidelines to not to follow any anti-patterns practices when running production
workload.

## Compute Resources

For production use-case of KUDO Cassandra we recommend a minimum of 32 GiB of
memory and 16 cores of CPU for the guaranteed stability.

Read
[Capacity Planning](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse-planning/doc/planning/capacityPlanning.html)

> around how to do capacity planning for a Cassandra installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to learn about capacity planning for a Cassandra installation.
```

## Storage

> Verify if there is a storage class installed in the Kubernetes cluster. In this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that there is a storage class installed in the Kubernetes cluster. In this
```

example we will use the `aws-ebs-csi-driver` as the storage class reference.

```
$ kubectl get sc
NAME                             PROVISIONER       AGE
awsebscsiprovisioner (default)   ebs.csi.aws.com   2d
```

### Volume Expansion

> Verify if the storage class has the option `AllowVolumeExpansion` and is set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the storage class has the option `AllowVolumeExpansion` set to
```

`true`.

```
$ kubectl describe sc awsebscsiprovisioner
Name:                  awsebscsiprovisioner
IsDefaultClass:        Yes
Annotations:           kubernetes.io/description=AWS EBS CSI provisioner StorageClass,storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class=true
Provisioner:           ebs.csi.aws.com
Parameters:            type=gp2
AllowVolumeExpansion:  true
MountOptions:          <none>
ReclaimPolicy:         Delete
VolumeBindingMode:     WaitForFirstConsumer
Events:                <none>
```

:warning: In case `AllowVolumeExpansion` is `unset` or `false`, make sure to
provision enough disk when bootstrapping the KUDO Cassandra cluster. The disk
size can be configured using the `DISK_SIZE` parameter. By **default, DISK_SIZE
is set to 20Gi** and is **not ideal for production usage**. Users should
increase disk size by as much as they deem necessary for reliable stability.

### ReclaimPolicy

> Verify the storage class has the option `ReclaimPolicy` and is set to `Retain`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the storage class has the option `ReclaimPolicy` set to `Retain`.
```

> To read more about the `ReclaimPolicy` read the official Kubernetes docs on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read more about the `ReclaimPolicy` see the official Kubernetes docs on
```

[Changing the Reclaim Policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/change-pv-reclaim-policy/)

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: code won't wrap so if this is supposed to be a block quote, it should only have `> ` preceding each line.

> PersistentVolumes can have various reclaim policies, including “Retain”, “Recycle”, and “Delete”. For dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes, the default reclaim policy is “Delete”. This means that a dynamically provisioned volume is automatically deleted when a user deletes the corresponding PersistentVolumeClaim. This automatic behavior might be inappropriate if the volume contains precious data. In that case, it is more appropriate to use the “Retain” policy. With the “Retain” policy, if a user deletes a PersistentVolumeClaim, the corresponding PersistentVolume is not be deleted. Instead, it is moved to the Released phase, where all of its data can be manually recovered.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
